src/ComponentMap.stories.mdx, before:

import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';

<Meta title="Legacy/Component Map" />

# Legacy Component Map

| Component     | Current (0.9.1) | 0.9.0    |
| ------------- | --------------- | -------- |
| Block         | Current         | Current  |
| Box           | Current         | Current  |
| Breadcrumb    | Current         | Current  |
| Button        | Current         | Current  |
| Buttons       | Current         | Current  |
| Card          | Current         | Current  |
| Checkbox      | Current         | Current  |
| Container     | Current         | 0.9.0    |
| Content       | Current         | Current  |
| Delete        | Current         | Current  |
| Field         | Current         | Current  |
| Help          | Current         | Current  |
| Icon          | Current         | Current  |
| Image         | Current         | Current  |
| Input         | Current         | Current  |
| Label         | Current         | Current  |
| Notification  | Current         | Current  |
| Progress      | Current         | Current  |
| Radio         | Current         | Current  |
| Table         | Current         | Current  |
| Tag           | Current         | Current  |
| Tags          | Current         | Current  |
| Title         | Current         | Current  |

Commit message:

Sort components and add missing fields

src/ComponentMap.stories.mdx, after:

import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';

<Meta title="Legacy/Component Map" />

# Legacy Component Map

This chart is for when you are using an older version of Bulma and want to import your components individually (for tree-shaking).

Legacy components can be imported from `react-bulma-companion/lib/[Component]-[Version]`.

| Component     | Current (0.9.1) | 0.9.0    |
| ------------- | --------------- | -------- |
| Block         | Current         | Current  |
| Box           | Current         | Current  |
| Breadcrumb    | Current         | Current  |
| Button        | Current         | Current  |
| Buttons       | Current         | Current  |
| Card          | Current         | Current  |
| Checkbox      | Current         | Current  |
| Container     | Current         | 0.9.0    |
| Content       | Current         | Current  |
| Delete        | Current         | Current  |
| Field         | Current         | Current  |
| Help          | Current         | Current  |
| Icon          | Current         | Current  |
| Image         | Current         | Current  |
| Input         | Current         | Current  |
| Label         | Current         | Current  |
| Notification  | Current         | Current  |
| Progress      | Current         | Current  |
| Radio         | Current         | Current  |
| Table         | Current         | Current  |
| Tag           | Current         | Current  |
| Tags          | Current         | Current  |
| Title         | Current         | Current  |
